Adding short framework intro and section (#27)
searhein/trilinos-paper: framework.tex

\todo{Describe the modern framework, packages like pyTrilinos}
\todo{CG: PyTrilinos has currently no developer.}

The Trilinos Framework Product provides supporting infrastructure for Trilinos users and developers. This infrastructure is largely not what Trilinos is well-known for, but is essential for supporting all Trilinos capabilities.

\subsection{Testing Infrastructure}

The primary focus of the Trilinos Framework Product relates to testing. This effort includes setting up and maintaining the general infrastructure for automated testing, maintaining and adding to the various testing configurations, and developing and maintaining the layer on top of the TriBITS~\cite{Bartlett2014} build system that orchestrates automated Trilinos builds and test runs.

\subsection{Documentation Infrastructure}

> The Framework is also responsible for maintaining the general infrastructure forthe Trilinos web site, wiki, and Doxygen documentation. The Framework owns some of the documented workflows on these sites, such as the process for reproducing testing failures, but the Trilinos package developers own all of the documentation associated with their associated packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Framework is also responsible for maintaining the general infrastructure for the Trilinos web site, wiki, and Doxygen documentation. The Framework owns some of the documented workflows on these sites, such as the process for reproducing testing failures, but the Trilinos package developers own all of the documentation associated with their associated packages.
```

\subsection{Teuchos}

> Teuchos provides a suite of common tools for many Trilinos packages. These tools include memory management classes~\cite{bartlett2010} such as "smart" pointers and arrays, "parameter lists" for communicating hierarchical lists of parameters between library or application layers, templated wrappers for the BLAS and LAPACK, XML parsers, and other utilities. They provide a unified "look and feel" across Trilinos packages, and help avoid common programming mistakes.

Reviewer: Latex-compatible quotation marks:
```suggestion
Teuchos provides a suite of common tools for many Trilinos packages. These tools include memory management classes~\cite{bartlett2010} such as ``smart'' pointers and arrays, ``parameter lists'' for communicating hierarchical lists of parameters between library or application layers, templated wrappers for the BLAS and LAPACK, XML parsers, and other utilities. They provide a unified ``look and feel'' across Trilinos packages, and help avoid common programming mistakes.
```
